(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I gave up on wanting to tell my story as I held on.
But if I keep holding on,
I felt like I would never be able to come back to my true self.
Was it that wrong of me to do that?
I was trying not to cry...
I feel apologetic to you the most.
You're drawing a line...
even in this situation.
Now, enough crying along with you.
It's time for me to think about what I should do about this situation.
But before I do,
I need you to tell me your opinion on this.
Are you sure you're not going to regret making this decision?
This drama might do better after you quit.
This happens a lot in this business.
If you endure this,
things might get easier next time.
I might regret my decision.
I might not be able to write again.
But I still don't want to endure it. If I do,
I think it's going to take me a million years to retrieve my pride.
And after a million years, I'll no longer be here.
I want to start writing again before I die.
Okay.
I'll drive you home.
(Temperature of Love)
- Good luck to us all! - Good luck to us all!
Bottoms up.
(Episode 15)
I'd like to express my gratitude...
for everyone's trust and support.
Things have been so hectic for the past couple of days.
Let's not get swayed by emotions, and keep our cool.
I'll see you again after you guys take some rest for two days.
Let's end the night with this last drink.
- Good. - Soup.
- We can do it! - We can do it!
He's interpreting the dish in his own way.
That's why it's a bit spicy.
Everyone has priorities in life.
She is a higher priority to me.
Do I really like him?
Or am I just obsessed with him because I got rejected by him?
How many times am I watching this?
Jung Sun.
I love you with all my heart and soul.
My gosh, what's wrong with you? You stink of sweat.
You smell too.
I know. That's why I'm not hugging you.
(Hong Ah)
Hey, it's Hong Ah.
Now that you've rejected her, I'm finally getting my chance.
You're incredible.
Aren't you upset?
My affection for her is too strong for me to feel upset.
Do you have a woman who makes you feel this way?
Hey, Hong Ah.
I have someone like that too.
(Missed Call: Lee Hyun Soo)
She called me.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Okay, I'll be right there.
- The receiver cannot answer... - Is she not picking up?
No.
Hong Ah asked me to come over. I'll see you then.
I'm also going to go see her even though she didn't ask me to.
I thought she didn't pick up.
I can't just go home on such a happy day.
I'm at least going to go see if the lights are off at her place.
How romantic.
I'm going to go to your house, and take a shower before I go.
I can't go in this filthy state.
I'm just going to go like this.
He's one confident fellow.
You didn't have to get off.
Thank you for today.
"I'm sorry. I feel apologetic. Thank you."
Don't ever say anything like that to me again.
That's not what I want to hear.
What I want to hear is a different response for my consideration...
towards you.
Mr. Park.
Are you trying to approach me as a man?
Yes.
Thank you.
You just gave me a good laugh.
Good night.
(Jung Sun)
(Are you sleeping?)
Are you sleeping?
No.
Do you want to meet?
I'm scared.
You pushed me away once.
There's no reason why you wouldn't push me away again.
Love requires two people, but I only thought of myself.
I'll think about it.
(Do you want to meet?)
Where are you?
I'm in the neighborhood.
You surprised me.
Then I succeeded. I was trying to surprise you.
Why are you so happy?
I drank with my Good Soup workers.
The restaurant's packed with customers these days.
My worst day turns out to be his best day.
- I'll be right out. - No, don't come outside.
It's too late. It's dangerous to come outside.
Then do you want to come inside?
No, I smell of sweat. I came right after exercising.
Why did you call?
I pressed the wrong button.
You're attractive when you're honest.
You just lost your charm.
I saw your face, so I'll go now.
People really don't change.
I think the same goes for me.
I thought I had changed.
But I guess I was wrong.
I don't wear my T-shirts inside out at home anymore.
I got rid of that habit.
The wind's cold.
I despise stirring up emotions.
I've never confused you.
Why must I be the only one that assures you?
Your problem is that you think too much,
especially about love.
Just do as your heart tells you.
Hong Ah.
Why did you make me wait?
I took a shower.
You're so foolish. Why did you take a shower when we're going to run?
What?
You can't call a fool foolish.
I won.
I'm going to win at everything.
Aren't you going to pack your things?
I can pack my own stuff.
I thought we still had a week before having to move out.
We still have some time.
Where are you going to go?
I'm going to live with my parents, and come to Seoul when I need to.
Or I could just go live at my cousin's house.
Do you want to live at my place?
You were guaranteed a job until the end of this year.
I don't want to burden you.
You're not a burden.
You should stay in Seoul if you want to keep writing.
Especially if you're going to keep working as an assistant writer.
Then I'll pay rent.
Don't bother. You can just think of it as your own place.
And you should start writing your own script.
You can do some part-time jobs. It'd also be nice to be together.
What's the point of writing? My work always fails to win competitions.
I don't think I'm competent enough.
No one knows that.
I always doubted myself as well.
Ms. Park told me that "The Man Who Eats Rare Steak" was terrible.
But it won the competition. You were there too.
You're right.
Everything has its own right time. Your time will come.
You just need to wait.
Hyun Soo, you're the best.
What should we eat for lunch?
He's almost done with the dish.
It smells great.
Yes, it does. I'll go and have a taste.
He's cooking bouillabaisse right now.
I wonder how it'll taste.
Why did you turn it off?
You're so handsome.
You're more handsome than most actors.
Don't eat it yet. Wait until I give you the soup.
I'm so jealous that you're young.
You have a great future ahead of you.
Do you know how proud I was in front of Daniel?
You come to Seoul really often these days.
That's because Daniel comes to Seoul often.
You didn't season it right.
I'm sure I did.
Your taste buds aren't the same when you grow old.
I'm not that old.
But everything else tastes great.
You're a great person.
Thank you for being born as my son.
Where are you going?
It's my day off, so I'm going to slack off.
Can't you spend some time with me?
Do you want to go shopping?
You can go with Mr. Min.
Can't you call him Professor Min?
Do I need to call him that when he's not even here?
Professor Min makes me happy.
So please be nice to him.
Someone told me that happiness comes from within.
It doesn't come from someone else.
It's time for you to grow up.
I don't want to grow up.
I've always lived my life like this. If I suddenly grow up,
I'll suddenly feel too embarrassed of my past.
You're so good with words.
Hyun Soo, you seem awfully fine.
It's difficult to come to a decision.
But I've already made up my mind.
You're really incredible.
As soon as you make a decision, you just go for it.
Let's go on a trip.
You worked hard until now.
Should I think of a place that's great for our current situation?
Yes.
The place where General Yi Sun Shin wrote "War Diary".
- Yeosu! - Yeosu!
We said the same thing!
I'll look for a place to stay.
Okay.
My gosh, it's Director Kim.
We shouldn't have told him the passcode in the first place.
Hi, guys. What's that? Are you eating instant noodles?
This is all we have.
Hey, Ms. Hwangbo.
Don't even think about asking her to do anything.
Why do you keep asking her for favors?
In my opinion, you need to start dating someone.
You're so emotionally dry.
How long has it been since you last dated anyone?
What does dating have anything to do with this?
Anyone would say that considering your temperament.
What about Hyun Soo's temperament?
It's a hundred times better than yours.
Go! You're the Unit B director of "Unruly Detectives".
How could you come here?
You go girl!
How funny.
Jung Woo is having trouble with the network because of you.
You're making this difficult, Mr. Park.
You can't try to renegotiate the budget.
You wanted me to sign the new writers team.
The production company should cover that.
Do you know how much we lost when our writer got fired?
She wasn't fired. Writer Lee said she'd quit.
Production companies sign with writers and then work with networks.
What writer would want to work with us...
if they hear we can't protect our own writers?
Anyways, this issue is beyond me.
Talk with the chief director.
("Writer for 'Unruly Detectives' Replaced")
Writer for "Unruly Detectives" Replaced.
I knew this would happen.
Writer Lee Hyun Soo had to drop out due to health concerns.
As if.
My skin's gotten dry pulling all those all-nighters.
("Writer for 'Unruly Detectives' Replaced")
I have to take it every day.
I have to pull myself together if I don't want to end up like Hyun Soo.
(Hong Ah)
- Yes. - I was right.
I said Hyun Soo would get fired.
What are you going to do?
She didn't get fired. She quit.
Quitting or getting fired. It's basically the same thing.
It's not the same. Quitting was her choice.
She's doing well.
You know her. She goes head on once she makes a decision.
So what are you going to do?
Where are you going to live?
My gosh.
Hyun Soo wants to live with me.
That's burdening her. Why would you move in to her place?
That's none of your business.
You can live a good life on your own.
I'm going to live with Hyun Soo. Bye.
(Search for hotels in Yeosu.)
(Look at this hotel.)
(Customer Reviews)
What?
Surprise. We're here.
I know. I'm making tea for you both.
You're bright, Hyun Soo.
I told you she wouldn't be downhearted.
Hyun Yi went to her in-laws. She's dropping Bo Ra off there.
She should bring Bo Ra. I don't need Hyun Yi here.
It's better that you have Hyun Yi for when we're no longer around.
That's still far into the future, so I'll pass for now.
Are you seeing anyone?
You have to date people. You can't just work all the time.
I will date.
With the head of your production company?
Why are you bringing him up?
I can just sense it.
Why hasn't he gotten married yet?
(On Jung Sun)
[VIU Ver] E15 Temperature of Love "My Worst Day is His Best"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hey.
What are you doing? It's your day off.
I'm just rolling around.
Don't you have anything to say to me?
I have something to report.
Give me a cup of tea. I have 30 minutes before my next appointment.
You must really have nothing to do.
I'm leaving now.
Why are you so desperate to send me away whenever I'm here.
You and I can't spend more than an hour in the same space.
You always say the nicest things.
Hello.
I haven't seen you in a while.
I had lunch with Jung Sun today.
I see. Are you leaving?
Yes, I am. I'm meeting Professor Min.
Take care.
Your mother looks younger every day.
Don't say that in front of her. She'll believe it.
We're seeing each other a lot lately thanks to Hyun Soo.
I like that.
But it's all bad occasions.
You did good.
But I don't like the articles.
Why is it health concerns? You're perfectly healthy.
They must feel bad to say they fired her.
I wasn't fired, dad.
I quit just before I got fired.
You weren't fired. You chose to give up.
I'm getting hot.
- Should I open the window? - Yes.
Your menopause came too late.
Let's take something for your headache.
I don't like taking pills.
I guess I have to take one since you're telling me to.
I like that you always listen to me.
Let's go eat something good for dinner.
Yes, let's go somewhere nice.
There are a lot of good restaurants in this neighborhood.
I know a good place. Let's go there.
We saw profit this month.
So Good Soup is on its way to success?
I won't have to worry about letting the employees go at least.
I should get going.
What are you doing tomorrow? You're off tomorrow too.
I don't have plans.
Let's hang out. It's been a while.
Shouldn't you hang out with the person you're going to propose to?
She's not in a situation to do that right now.
Is she even real? I've never seen you with someone.
I always do those things alone.
Just get ready to greet her.
I'll look forward to it.
But where are you going now?
Writer Lee Hyun Soo. She's dropping out of "Unruly Detectives".
I'm very busy sorting that out.
You guys decided on that in the end?
Yes. That's what she decided.
I'm taking off.
(Restaurant closed.)
(Restaurant closed on every Sunday and Monday.)
This is where I wanted to take you guys.
Good Soup?
What a pretty name.
Why did they have to close today?
I know.
It doesn't suit us.
That's not true. You have no logic.
What does logic have to do here?
Why can't I think like that?
You always make me mad even when I try to be nice.
When have you ever tried to be nice?
Stop it.
Seeing your children fight in front of your eyes...
is the most upsetting thing as a parent.
I'm sorry, dad.
(Restaurant closed.)
- Let's go somewhere else. - Let's go somewhere else.
Let's go.
You're such a workaholic. It's our day off.
- What's that? - Brine.
Brining normally takes too long.
You exceed me, Sous-chef.
It's nothing, Chef.
But you can make knife marks. Do you need the syringe?
The syringe speeds it up and evens it out.
I guess if you make holes, the seasoning seeps in better.
You're quick.
And it also lets the fat seep out more.
Who are you making this for?
I asked Hong Ah to come.
Don't hate her too much.
I know she's self-centered and selfish.
She's too focused on her own desires to be considerate of others.
Why would I hate her? It's none of my business.
Love takes many forms.
You and Hyun Soo aren't normal either.
I want her to be in a normal relationship.
Me too. I want that for Hyun Soo.
You don't have to worry about Hyun Soo.
She's the type to check again and again.
She can't make mistakes.
You're right.
I get to retire next year.
I don't have much time left.
Let's just wait a bit more and hang in there.
We get a pension, and we can collect our savings.
All that's left is to have fun.
If it's with you,
waiting is fun too.
Everyone said it wasn't good,
but I enjoyed "Unruly Detectives".
I could sympathize.
It's about us.
Right? It is about us, right?
But hey, am I really that mean?
Betraying his own brother for his career...
If you were in the situation, you'd do the same without hesitation.
But the director was bad at that.
He didn't know how to build up the story.
The theme seems to sibling love.
But he shot it as an action show. All they do is fight and crash.
I like you.
I can almost forget all the horrible things you did to me.
Horrible things?
What an awful word to use.
Just know that your family will always be...
the last people standing for you.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
Jung Woo, I'm here.
You're here early.
Didn't you shoot the drama today?
We're not shooting tomorrow either. The script isn't ready yet.
I'm sure it's not easy to continue what someone else had started.
Why did you ask to see me?
Have you ever read this script?
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
It's written by Hyun Soo.
I heard about it.
The main character is a chef,
and Kind Soup is his online nickname.
She wrote this before she wrote "Unruly Detectives".
I like this one.
I should produce a drama with this script.
Isn't this a melodrama?
I think I told you to forgot it.
But this one has its own unique color.
I think it would do well on a cable channel.
You're really incredible. I'm so moved by your efforts.
You stayed by the side of a woman who's not interested in you,
and opened up opportunities for her.
Jung Woo, can't you do the same for me too?
Why are you so talkative?
I want to direct this.
Your work is really difficult to understand.
That's because I never chose what I wanted to direct.
I just directed what the upper management told me to.
I want to direct this. Let me direct this.
I want to try working with Hyun Soo.
(Director Kim Joon Ha)
Hey, Director Kim.
How have you been?
Just get to the point.
You don't need to be formal and ask me how I'm doing.
My gosh, why are you so cold?
Your making me heart ache even more.
Did you just say I made your heart ache even more?
I can't believe you still use that pick up line.
Why would I even try to seduce you?
I'm not saying you're trying to seduce me.
I'm just saying you're used to using pick-up lines all the time.
Okay, whatever. I'm on my way to your studio right now.
I'm going to barge in, so don't be surprised.
Do whatever you want. I'm not there anyway.
Are you with Hyun Soo right now?
She just went outside saying that she needs to clear her head.
Hyun Soo and I aren't going to be in Seoul starting from tomorrow.
How does it taste?
It's delicious.
It's crispy on the outside, and it's moist on the inside.
The texture is also great.
Chef, I'll always be loyal to you.
You're here.
What's he doing here?
You called me over to give me food, but I'm about to lose my appetite.
I'll leave now, so that you can save your appetite.
Since when were you so considerate?
Just focus on what you need to.
Hong Ah, you're really good at criticizing people.
I'm not criticizing anyone. I'm just stating the facts.
Do you know that Hyun Soo got fired?
Her career might've just ended.
Is it that bad?
She's not persistent at all.
She went through so much to get to where she is right now.
Someone might think you actually care for her.
You must be upset now that she's in a bad situation.
I hope you suffer a lot because of her.
Okay. I'll fulfill your wish and suffer a lot because of her.
I'll also love her a lot as well.
What's your name?
I'm going to turn down your offer.
Will you wait for me?
Love is so meaningless.
I can't waste my youth on something like that.
I won't go if you tell me not to go.
You don't need to put a meaning behind an irresponsible kiss.
I wasn't being clingy.
(On Jung Sun)
I'm not going to pick up.
I didn't know you were so rash.
How could I check with you when you didn't even pick up my call?
When did I not pick up?
You didn't think you'd get rejected, did you?
Do you think everything will be fine if you tell me that you regret it?
You can't turn back time.
Do you think I had fun during that time?
You'll get tired if you take a break.
You need to force yourself to keep running.
I know that.
If you know, you need to put that into action.
- Okay. - Keep running.
If your legs feel too heavy,
you should consciously move your arms.
- Like this? - Yes, that's great.
Now, go forward.
Gosh, I'm sorry. You can go first. I'll go by myself.
It's a great day to commit murder.
Who are you going to murder?
It's the homework I got from the main writer.
Do you want to go out with me?
My gosh, you startled me.
It's nothing compared to how startled I was.
Why are you angry at me?
Because it's you.
Why are you angry at me? And why are you teasing me?
I almost hugged you because I was so happy to see you.
You're incredible.
How did you manage to break through this wall?
I promise that I'll live like you.
- Why aren't you sleeping yet? - My gosh.
It's not time for me to sleep yet.
You seem okay.
There's no reason for me not to be okay.
I saw the article.
"Writer Lee Hyun Soo had to drop out due to health concerns."
You talk as if it has nothing to do with you.
It doesn't have anything to do with me anymore.
It's always hard to come to a decision.
But once I do, I never turn back.
It seems like you're going through a rough time,
so I'll bear with the boasting.
I'm going on a trip tomorrow.
With... With whom?
With Kyung. You saw her once.
She went through a lot while working with me.
I want to show her a good time.
(On Jung Sun)
Hey.
Jung Woo, can I cancel on our appointment tomorrow?
You're making it hard for me to refuse.
I'm sorry.
I asked you out in a really long time, but you just rejected me.
Are you doing this because you've become a hot shot?
I'll pay you back tenfold.
You better.
What are you doing here? I thought you were leaving.
Sit down.
Jung Woo, it's time to take action.
You've been watching her for too long.
Hyun Soo probably wants you to make the first move.
I don't agree with you.
My gosh, trust me on this.
What are you doing tomorrow?
My appointment for tomorrow just got canceled.
This is fate.
I'll be the bridge to help you and Hyun Soo get together.
Can you be clear, so that I can understand?
I'm saying we should meet Hyun Soo tomorrow.
Let's meet her accidentally on purpose.
(Episode 16 will air shortly.)